we're three guys and a coffee expert
traveling the world looking for a better
cup of coffee here's our story we've had
a bit of a misfortune this morning yo
Keem woke up extremely sick he's in bed
ah so he's not able to join us for this
search for the wild coffee it's supposed
to be up here someplace in the north of
Rwanda in the volcano mountains
the brewery rd baulkham all time then
yesterday oh good morn so the yatra back
snotty we can meet take effect
you
oh right you're right Hamish
all right I think so you broke anything
all right he's fine that's bit worried
I'd hate to everything d in right here
in the middle of nowhere all this how
this because he wants to find some hot
coffee
it's a gorilla nest here so that must
mean that we're close to gorillaz I
don't know if we're gonna find coffee
but we might find the gorillaz if we do
Richard that Brewers coming out we're
gonna give him the finest we have now
your neon First Lord out he's got more
time really lit up me out there make a
fair so there's a careful careful
baryons like makes mostella sooo big
uncle cafeteria Nina yeah night you get
these ideas in your head and you think
okay because I'm gonna want to brew up
these this these some coffee for these
gorillas and the thought is is that you
know gorillas have the DNA that's close
to humans only the chimpanzees closer if
there's any animal that can enjoy coffee
I would think it would be the gorilla I
thought whiskey Malta gorilla mccafferty
had gone do until the CD
yo in Dublin head Targon of you stuff my
thick urgh and contact me remote my
surrogate um to the meeting contact and
some my friend free good so crazy 30
seconds ago right there the silverback
was was just sitting there eating wild
celery and now we're following and we're
a bit off track with the coffee because
no one's can even think about giving
these huge animals coffee
you shouldn't be fairly feeding gorillas
anything least of all coffee and whether
or not we would have done it if we would
have had the courage to do so I don't
know but all in all I'm really happy we
totally failed in everything we did but
we we went looking for coffee and we
found something else fantastic